BD-4554 RCS GA docs [MERGE 5/20 ASAP] (#9621)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/message_building_by_channel/sms_mms_rcs/rcs/create.md

- **SMS fallback**: Braze strongly recommends that every subscription group that contains an RCS sender also includes at least one SMS code for fallback. This is important for deliverability in cases RCS messages fail to deliver. Some reasons for this may include user device incompatibility and incomplete carrier coverage in a given country or region. By enabling SMS fallback, your message will still deliver to your user and that you never miss that opportunity to connect with them.

{: start="5"}
5. Choose between SMS and RCS. Before composing RCS messages, choose the channel you send with. We generally recommend using RCS wherever possible as there are significant user engagement benefits over SMS; however, we always provide the option of sending with SMS so that you have maximum flexibility and control. 

![Options to select from an RCS or SMS/MMS message type.]({% image_buster /assets/img/rcs/rcs_message_type.png %})

{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}

## Step 2: Select your RCS message type

Choose your RCS message type. Currently, the options are **Text** and **Media**.

![Options to select from a Text or Media message type.]({% image_buster /assets/img/rcs/rcs_text_media.png %})

> ### Text message type 

Reviewer: Another idea to perhaps organize them into tabs?
-  Text message type
- Message media type

![A GIF of three Suggested Actions for an RCS message promoting trending fashion styles: "Fairytale royalty", "Edgy academia", and "Show me your other styles".]({% image_buster /assets/img/rcs/rcs_suggested_actions.gif %})

#### Considerations

- For character limits on text, you may write up to 160 characters for a text-only (basic)RCS message or up to 3072 for a rich (single) RCS message. 
- For button limits, you may add up to five buttons per message. These buttons can be either suggested actions or suggested replies.
- Longer text blocks and too many buttons can frustrate users, so wherever possible we recommend leaning into simplicity. 
- In some cases, it can be more cost effective to send longer text-only messages through RCS than with SMS. This is because longer SMS messages are broken down into multiple segments, each of which are billable, whereas RCS messages are instead billed per message. Contact your Braze account team for more details and guidance. 

### Media message type

> RCS media messages allow you to use engaging media formats that are not possible with SMS. These include image, video, and document files. These media options exist to help you engage your audience even more deeply and enable entirely new use cases. At the moment, only image uploading is supported through the [Media Library]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/engagement_tools/templates_and_media/media_library/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RCS media messages allow you to use engaging media formats that aren't possible with SMS. These include image, video, and document files. These media options exist to help you engage your audience even more deeply and enable entirely new use cases. At the moment, only image uploading is supported through the [Media Library]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/engagement_tools/templates_and_media/media_library/). 
```

#### Features

> - Media message types support everything that is available in text message types, which includes text, suggested replies, and suggested actions.
> - Supports image files, including JPEG and PNG file formats. Image files are available through upload from the Media Library. 
> - Supports video files, including MP4, MPEG, and MV4 file formats. Video files can be added by URL directly in the message composer. 
> - Supports document files in the PDF file format. Document files can be added through the URL directly in the message composer. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Media message types support everything available in text message types, which includes text, suggested replies, and suggested actions.
- Supports image files, including JPEG and PNG file formats. Image files are available through upload from the Media Library. 
- Supports video files, including MP4, MPEG, and MV4 file formats. Video files can be added by URL directly in the message composer. 
- Supports document files in PDF format. Document files can be added through the URL directly in the message composer. 
```

![RCS composer with an option to upload a media file.]({% image_buster /assets/img/rcs/rcs_media_type.png %})

#### File specifications

| File type | Specifications |
| --- | --- |
| All | - File size is limited to 100 MB <br><br>- File URL can have up to 2048 characters |
| Image files | Supported file formats include JPG, JPEG, and GIF
| Video files | Supported file formats include H263, M4V, MP4, MPEG-4, MPEG, WEBM |
| Document files | Supported file formats: PDF |
{: .reset-td-br-1 .reset-td-br-2 role="presentation" }

#### Considerations

> The user experience of receiving RCS messages may vary slightly based on a number of factors, including carrier coverage in the destination country, mobile device hardware, and mobile device operating system. 
> 
> Generally speaking, RCS integrates more naturally with Android devices (this method was largely implemented by Google and peer-to-peer RCS messaging is broadly adopted among the Android community). Different devices may render the experience at different speeds and qualities.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user experience of receiving RCS messages may vary slightly based on a number of factors, including carrier coverage in the destination country, mobile device hardware, and mobile device operating system. 

Generally speaking, RCS integrates more naturally with Android devices (this method was largely implemented by Google, and peer-to-peer RCS messaging is broadly adopted among the Android community). Different devices may render the experience at different speeds and qualities.  
```

## Step 3: Compose your RCS message

> Write your message using languages and personalization (Liquid, Connected Content, and emojis) as needed. Be sure to adhere to our message copy limits to reduce your chances of overage charges.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Write your message using languages and personalization (Liquid, Connected Content, and emojis) as needed. Be sure to adhere to our message copy limits to reduce your chances of overage charges.
```
Maybe consider linking out to Liquid and Connected Content here 🤔

{% alert important %}

> Before proceeding, read our guidelines for RCS message limits. RCS messages are charged per message, so it’s a good idea to understand the nuances of what can be included in each type of RCS message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before proceeding, read our guidelines for RCS message limits. RCS messages are charged per message, so it’s a good idea to understand the nuances of what can be included in each type of RCS message.
```
Is there a link to the guidelines we can include here?

{% endalert %}

## Step 4: Preview and test your message

Braze always recommends previewing and testing your message before sending. Go to the **Test** tab to send a test RCS to content test groups or individual users, or preview the message as a user directly in Braze.

## Step 5: Build the remainder of your campaign or Canvas

Next, build the remainder of your campaign or Canvas. Refer to the following sections for further details on how to best use our tools to build RCS messages.

### Step 5.1: Choose delivery schedule or trigger

> RCS messages can be delivered based on a scheduled time, an action, or based on an API trigger. For more, refer to [Scheduling your campaign]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/engagement_tools/campaigns/building_campaigns/delivery_types/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RCS messages can be delivered based on a scheduled time, an action, or an API trigger. For more, refer to [Scheduling your campaign]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/engagement_tools/campaigns/building_campaigns/delivery_types/).
```

For action-based delivery, you can also set the campaign’s duration and Quiet Hours.

> This step is also where you can specify delivery controls, such as allowing users to become re-eligible to receive the campaign, or enabling frequency capping rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specify your delivery controls, such as allowing users to become re-eligible to receive the campaign or enabling frequency capping rules.
```

### Step 5.2: Choose users to target

> Target users by choosing segments or filters to narrow down your audience. You should have already chosen the subscription group, which narrows users by the level or category of communication they want to have with you. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Target users by choosing segments or filters to narrow down your audience. You should have already selected the subscription group, which narrows users by the level or category of communication they want to have with you. 
```
suggestion, but feel free to reword or disregard~

> In this step, you will select the larger audience from your segments, and narrow that segment further with optional [filters]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/engagement_tools/segments/segmentation_filters/). You’ll automatically be given a snapshot of what that approximate segment population looks like right now. Keep in mind that exact segment membership is always calculated just before the message is sent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, you'll select the larger audience from your segments and narrow that segment further with optional [filters]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/engagement_tools/segments/segmentation_filters/). You’ll automatically be given a snapshot of what that approximate segment population looks like right now. Keep in mind that exact segment membership is always calculated just before the message is sent.
```

{% alert tip %}

> Interesting in RCS retargeting? To learn more, refer to [RCS retargeting]().

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Interested in RCS retargeting? To learn more, refer to [RCS retargeting]().
```
RCS retargeting to ____? 🤔 Feels like this could expand a bit

{% endalert %}

### Step 5.3: Choose conversion events

> Braze allows you to track how often users perform specific actions, conversion events, after receiving a campaign. You have the option of allowing up to a 30-day window during which a conversion will be counted if the user takes the specified action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Braze allows you to track how often users perform specific actions, or conversion events, after receiving a campaign. You can allow up to a 30-day window during which a conversion will be counted if the user takes the specified action.
```
?

Conversion events help you measure the success of your campaign. For example:
- If you're using geotargeting to trigger an RCS message that has an end goal of the user making a purchase, set the conversion event to **Purchase**.
- If you're attempting to drive the user to your app, set the conversion event to **Starts Session**.

You can also set custom conversion events based on your specific use case. Get creative with how you truly want to measure your campaign’s success.

## Step 6: Review and deploy

After you’ve finished building your campaign or Canvas, review its details, test it, then send it!

Next, refer to [SMS and RCS reporting]() to learn how you can access the results of your RCS campaigns.

## Tips

### Using Liquid for message personalization

> If you plan to use Liquid, be sure to include a default value for your chosen personalization so, in the event your user profile of the recipient is incomplete, they will not receive a blank placeholder Hi, !, instead of their name or a coherent sentence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you plan to use Liquid, be sure to include a default value for your chosen personalization so, if the recipient's user profile is incomplete, they will not receive a blank placeholder `Hi, !` instead of their name or a coherent sentence.
```

### Generating AI copy

> Need help creating awesome copy? Try using the [AI copywriting assistant]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/brazeai/generative_ai/ai_copywriting/). Input a product name or description and the AI will generate human-like marketing copy for use in your messaging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Need help creating engaging copy? Try using the [AI copywriting assistant]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/brazeai/generative_ai/ai_copywriting/). Input a product name or description, and the AI will generate human-like marketing copy for use in your messaging.
```
